fix(curriculum): task 12 option feedback (#55898)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-conversation-starters-in-the-break-room/657b23ad0df43588a6eadfa4.md

### --feedback--

> The first sentence is correct. The second sentence is a statement, not a question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first sentence is correct, but the second one does not ask about interest. It's a statement.
```
This is feedback for option A. Feedback for option B is at line 38.
